Added spilling docs (#21718)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/configuration/spilling.md

Spilling files have the following name format:

`node_<node_id>_<session_id>`

Where:

- `node_id` — node identifier
- `session_id` — unique session identifier that is created when initializing the [Spilling Service](../../contributor/spilling-service.md) once when the ydbd process starts

**Example of a complete spilling file path:**

```bash
/tmp/spilling-tmp-user/node_1_32860791-037c-42b4-b201-82a0a337ac80
```

**Important notes:**

- At process startup, all existing spilling files in the specified directory are automatically deleted. Spilling files have a special name format that includes a session identifier, which is generated once when the ydbd process starts. When a new process starts, all files in the spilling directory that match the name format but have a different session identifier from the current one are deleted.
- The directory must have sufficient write and read permissions for the user under which ydbd is running

**Recommendations:**

- Use a separate disk or partition for spilling
- Preferably use fast storage devices (SSD/NVMe)
- Ensure sufficient free space is available

**Possible errors:**

> - **Permission denied** — insufficient directory access permissions. See [Spilling Troubleshooting](../../troubleshooting/spilling.md#permission-denied)

Author: I believe it should remain here, as the section with possible errors was added in one of the previous review iterations at your request. Currently, each configuration parameter has a section describing the errors that may occur if its value is set incorrectly, along with a link to the troubleshooting guide.

#### QueueSize

**Type:** `uint32`  
**Default:** `1000`  
**Description:** Size of the spilling operations queue. Each task sends only one data block to spilling at a time, so large values are usually not required.

**Possible errors:**

- **Can not run operation** — I/O thread pool operation queue overflow. See [Spilling Troubleshooting](../../troubleshooting/spilling.md#can-not-run-operation)

## Memory Management

### Relationship with memory_controller_config

Spilling activation is closely related to memory controller settings. Detailed `memory_controller_config` configuration is described in a [separate article](../../reference/configuration/index.html#memory-controller).

The key parameter for spilling is **`activities_limit_percent`**, which determines the amount of memory allocated for query processing activities. This parameter affects the available memory for user queries and, accordingly, the frequency of spilling activation.

**Impact on spilling:**

- When increasing `activities_limit_percent`, less memory remains for query execution → spilling activates more frequently

> - When decreasing `activities_limit_percent`, more memory is available for queries → spilling activates less frequently

Reviewer: Let's update the memory controller documentation with content like this. IIRC, there was nothing about spilling in the initial version.

Mention this interaction in `concepts/spilling.md` too.

## File System Requirements

### File Descriptors

{% note warning %}

> For proper spilling operation in multi-node clusters, it is recommended to increase the limit of simultaneously open file descriptors to 10000. For small clusters (1-3 nodes), this setting is usually not required.

Author: removed this line

{% endnote %}

To change the file descriptor limit, add the following lines to the `/etc/security/limits.conf` file:

```bash
ydb soft nofile 10000
ydb hard nofile 10000
```

> Where `ydb` is the username under which {{ ydb-short-name }} is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `ydb` is the username under which `ydbd` runs.
```

> After changing the file, you need to reboot the system or re-login to apply the new limits.

Reviewer: This should go to the initial deployment articles in `devops/` instead of here.

**Default:** `true`  
**Description:** Enables or disables the spilling service. When disabled (`false`), [spilling](../../concepts/spilling.md) does not function, which may lead to errors when processing large data volumes.

**Possible errors:**

- **Spilling Service not started** / **Service not started** — attempt to use spilling when Spilling Service is disabled. See [Spilling Troubleshooting](../../troubleshooting/spilling.md#spilling-service-not-started)

```yaml
table_service_config:
  spilling_service_config:
    local_file_config:
      enable: true
```

#### enable_spilling_nodes

**Location:** `table_service_config.enable_spilling_nodes`  
**Type:** `string`  
**Possible values:** `"All"` | `"GraceJoin"` | `"Aggregate"` | `"None"`  
**Default:** `"All"`  
**Description:** Controls enabling spilling in compute nodes.

```yaml
table_service_config:
  enable_spilling_nodes: "All"
```

#### enable_query_service_spilling

**Location:** `table_service_config.enable_query_service_spilling`  
**Type:** `boolean`  
**Default:** `true`  
**Description:** Global option that enables spilling in data transfer channels between tasks.

```yaml
table_service_config:

>   enable_query_service_spilling: true

Author: This parameter is not related to the spilling service (backend). As I mentioned earlier, it disables client-side spilling (channels). You are correct that the name is misleading. In the current version of the documentation, I describe the configuration as it is currently implemented. I will update the docs when this parameter is changed.
